If you think just about classic machine learning,
we've actually been using AI for medical imaging for quite a while.
It's probably one of the areas of medicine where AI first appeared.
But there have been so many advances lately that bring deep learning to the cutting edge.
Nhưng gần đây đã có rất nhiều tiến bộ giúp đưa việc học sâu lên thành một đỉnh cao.
So let's take a look at some history.
Vì vậy, chúng ta hãy nhìn lại một số lịch sử.
Logistic and statistical pattern recognition was first applied in medicine in the 1960s,
but not for medical imaging.
nhưng không dùng cho hình ảnh y tế.
In fact, in the 1980s,
computers were really becoming more prevalent and they changed our life
everyday in how a doctor would approach medical imaging problems.
Even more relevant, MRI was not first applied clinically until 1980.
Many classic machine learning models,
like support vector machines and random forests
were not even invented until the mid to late '90s,
but they quickly made their way into health care
with some specific use cases for medical imaging.
2012 saw the real promise for deep learning in general imaging problems however,
with the win of deep learning on the ImageNet Challenge.
From there, it only took five years for
the first deep learning algorithm to be FDA cleared for medical imaging.
thuật toán học sâu đầu tiên được FDA công nhận đối với hình ảnh y tế.
Now in 2020, we bring you the first Udacity course in AI for 2D medical imaging.